#2270 adding link to fix SecurityTokenSignatureKeyNotFoundException (#2272)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/tutorials/integrate-dotnet.md

Alternatively, you can run the project using [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com), which will run the project using SSL.

If you do this, make sure to update the <span>Authorized Redirect URL</span>{:.field} to reflect the `https` protocol. Also note that the project will probably run on a different port when using SSL, so you must update that as well. To do so, log into the administrative user interface, navigate to <span>Applications</span>{:.breadcrumb}, then click the <span>Edit</span>{:.uielement} button on your application and navigate to the <span>OAuth</span>{:.breadcrumb} tab. You can have more than one URL.

> If you encounter a *SecurityTokenSignatureKeyNotFoundException* error when running the application, you may need to add the key in FusionAuth as described [here](https://fusionauth.io/community/forum/topic/2419/security-token-signature-key-not-found-exception-idx10501-signature-validation-failed-unable-to-match-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a `SecurityTokenSignatureKeyNotFoundException` error when running the application, you may need to add an RSA key using </span>Key Master</span>{:breadcrumb} and sign the tokens with that key. More [info here](https://fusionauth.io/community/forum/topic/2419/security-token-signature-key-not-found-exception-idx10501-signature-validation-failed-unable-to-match-key).
```
